L14 Navigating the Command Line
    Working with files through a terminal
        Linux environment with Bash as its shell
        Read, create, copy, move, and remove files using the commands 
    The prompt and the working directory
        Bash displays a prompt when it is ready to read a command. 
        A prompt can include information about the session, but its format is configurable.
        [coder@localhost] ~ $
            coder: The username---The user account for this shell session.
            localhost: The hostname displayed for the development container in this example.
            ~ : The current working directory. The displayed tilde abbreviates the home directory; 
                    this part of the example prompt updates after cd changes directories.
            $ : The prompt symbol---The character that ends the prompt. It marks where your typing begins. 
                    It is not part of any command, and it is not something you type.
        pwd
            The prompt can abbreviate a pathname. 
            To display the absolute pathname of the working directory, execute pwd
            Here, pwd prints /home/coder, the directory abbreviated by ~ in the prompt
    Listing directory entries
        ls
            With no pathname argument, it lists the current working directory and omits names that begin with a period.
            Here, ls prints documents  mp-1  notes.txt  photos
            By default, ls omits entries whose names begin with .
        ls -a
            To list all files, including hidden files, use the -a option.
            Here, .  ..  .bashrc  .profile  .ssh  documents  mp-1  notes.txt  photo
            . names the directory itself, and .. names its parent directory
    Absolute and relative paths
        An absolute pathname begins with / and starts at the root directory; 
            /home/player/writing/office-hours.txt
        a relative pathname starts from the current working directory. 
            from /home/player/mp-1/src to /home/player/writing/office-hours.txt:
            ../../writing/office-hours.txt
    Changing the working directory
        The command cd ~ changes the working directory to the home directory
        The parent-directory component .. can appear with other components in a relative pathname.
        Bash provides pathname completion to reduce typing
            Tab completes a unique matching name;
            The Up Arrow recalls earlier command lines so that you can edit or repeat them.
            Ctrl+C discards a command line that has not been submitted.
            The clear command clears the visible terminal display
    Reading a file with cat
        writes a file's contents to the terminal when given its pathname.
        cat src/driver.cc
            (prints contents to terminal)
    Creating directories and files
        The mkdir command creates a directory at the supplied pathname.
            mkdir cs128 //creates a directory under /home/coder
        The touch command creates an empty file when the supplied pathname does not exist
            When the file already exists, touch updates its timestamps and preserves its contents.
            touch cs128/todo.txt
    Copying, moving, and renaming
        The cp command copies a source file to a destination.(can also copy to a file of the same type)
            cp notes.txt cs128/notes.txt
            cp meow.txt woof.txt
        To copy a directory and its contents, including nested directories, use the recursive option -r 
            Without a recursive option, cp does not copy the directory
            cp -r mp-1 mp-1-backup
            If the destination were an existing directory, cp would instead place the copied mp-1 directory inside it
        The mv command moves a file to a destination pathname or rename them
            If the destination is an existing directory, mv places the file inside it under its existing name
            mv howldy.txt mp-1 //move to mp-1
            mv howldy.txt howdy.txt //rename
    Removing files and directories
        The rm command removes the named file without placing it in the desktop trash
            rm mp-1-backup
        The rmdir command removes an empty directory.
            rmdir path
    Running a program by its path
        For external programs named without a slash, Bash searches directories specified by its PATH setting 
            after checking the shell's own command definitions.
    Summary
        pwd, ls, ls -a, and cd let us identify, inspect, and change
        cd path changes the working directory, cd ~ selects home, cd.. selects parent file
        cat path to read file contents 
        mv source destination to move or rename them
        cp source destination to copy files
        touch path creates an empty file if the pathname is absent
        mkdir and touch to create directories and empty files
        rm path and rmdir path to remove