Overview
The project mp-1 contains a program that adds the cartons in stock to the cartons delivered. 
Its source files are ready to compile, but its bin directory is empty. Your task is to compile both source 
files and run the resulting executable.

mp-1/
|-- bin/
|-- includes/
|   `-- solution.hpp
`-- src/
    |-- driver.cc
    `-- solution.cc
    
The workspace file tabs show the source and header files. driver.cc contains main, solution.hpp declares the 
helper function, and solution.cc defines that function. The commands place the executable in bin.

Write the commands in commands.txt, in the order you want them executed. Run and Grade each create a fresh 
project from the supplied files, then begin reading commands from /home/coder. Run displays the commands, 
their output, and any warnings or error messages; a failed command does not prevent the next line from being 
attempted.

This activity supports cd, pwd, ls, cat, mkdir, clang++, and executables inside the project's bin directory. 
You can use quoted arguments, comments, a backslash immediately followed by a newline, ~ for the home directory, 
and filename patterns. Paths must stay within the activity home directory. Write one command per line; pipelines, 
redirection, variable substitutions, and command substitutions are not supported.

What to Do
Change the working directory to mp-1.
Compile src/driver.cc and src/solution.cc, using includes as the project header search directory and bin/exec 
as the output path.
Use the course options below. Keep their checks enabled; a later option must not disable a required warning or 
sanitizer check.
Run bin/exec after compilation succeeds.
The required options are:

-std=c++20 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -pedantic -fsanitize=address,undefined -fno-sanitize-recover=all -g
Supply the paths for -I, -o, and the two source inputs. Option order, supported equivalent path forms, and 
quoting do not determine the grade; the commands must compile and execute the required program.

Constraints and Grading
Write your solution in commands.txt. Grading compiles its own copies of both source files and the header, so 
edits to them have no effect. Equivalent supported command spellings are accepted; the required computations, 
input files, options, and output paths must remain correct.

Requirement	Points
An executable compiled to bin/exec	25
That executable runs and produces the supplied program's output	25
The successful build uses the required course options	20
The executable contains debugging information and sanitizer support	10
Your commands run the compiled program	20