L18 Line-by-Line Debugging
    Testing finds that something is wrong, and debugging finds where
    Compile first, and compile so the debugger can follow
        we must compile the program before starting a debugging session
            clang++ -std=c++20 -I ./includes -Wall -Wextra -Werror -pedantic -fsanitize=address,undefined \
            -fno-sanitize-recover=all -g -O0 -o ./bin/exec ./src/driver.cc ./src/solution.cc
        The -g option adds debugging information to the executable, including source locations and information about variables. 
            This lets the debugger connect the executing machine instructions to the source code shown in your editor.
        The -O0 option disables compiler optimization.
            Optimization can rearrange instructions or remove variables while preserving the program’s required behavior, 
            making execution harder to follow through the source
        In VS Code, open the Run and Debug view, choose a configuration, and start debugging.
            Choose debug exec gdb to run bin/exec, or debug tests gdb to run bin/tests
            The program configuration pauses at the beginning of main; the test configuration runs without an initial pause. 
            To pause the tests at a location you want to inspect, set a breakpoint
        A breakpoint is a place to stop
            A breakpoint lets us reach the part of the program we want to inspect without stepping through every preceding statement.
            Set a breakpoint by clicking in the editor margin to the left of a source line’s number. 
            Choose Continue to resume execution. 
                The program runs until it reaches a breakpoint, encounters another event that stops execution, or finishes
                A breakpoint pauses the program only if execution reaches it
            When execution pauses at a breakpoint, the editor marks the current line
    Three ways past a line
        The toolbar includes Continue, three stepping controls( Step Over, Step Into, and Step Out ), Restart, and Stop.
        Step Over executes the current source line, including any function calls, and pauses at the next source location.
            e.g.int wide = Doubled(width);, it lets Doubled execute without pausing inside it.
            inspect the result of a function call without following the statements inside the function.
        Step Into lets you follow a function call into the called function.
            investigate what happens inside the function
        Step Out resumes execution of the function you are currently inspecting and pauses after it returns to its caller.
            Use it when you have finished examining that function and want to return to the code that called it.
        Returning from a function does not necessarily mean that the entire calling statement has finished.
            use another Step Over
    When the executable is older than the source
        Saving a source edit does not change that executable.
    What the sections tell you
        Variables shows the parameters and local variables available in the selected function call.
        Watch lets you keep selected expressions visible across steps. 
        The Call Stack shows how execution reached the current function.
            Each active function call has a stack frame
    Working an error from report to cause
    Summary