Overview
A hand tally counter shows a fixed number of digits, and an usher at a stadium gate clicks it once for each 
person admitted. Counters differ in size: one shows three digits and another five, so a recorded display is a 
string of any size, and the functions accept every size. Each click advances the display by one: the last digit 
moves to the next digit, a 9 rolls to 0 and carries one into the digit to its left, and a display of all 9s rolls 
over to all 0s. A click never changes the size of a display. The gate software records a display as a string of 
digits exactly as it reads, leading zeros included, so "0417" and "417" are different displays, and the leading 
zeros of "0417" are kept through every click.

Write the three functions the gate software runs: IsValidDisplay, Advance, and ClicksBetween. The table below 
describes each one.

Functions to Implement
bool IsValidDisplay(const std::string& display);
Returns true exactly when display is not empty and every character of it is one of '0' through '9'. A recorded 
string of any size can be a valid display.
std::string Advance(const std::string& display);
Returns the display after one click, a string of the same size as display. display is always well formed.
int ClicksBetween(const std::string& before, const std::string& after);
Calls Advance repeatedly, first on before and then on each result, until the result equals after, and returns 
the number of times it called Advance.
Digits are consecutive characters: A comparison between a char and a character literal compares the numbers the 
encoding assigns to the two characters, and in ASCII the digits '0' through '9' are assigned ten consecutive 
numbers. display[i] >= '0' && display[i] <= '9' therefore produces true exactly when display[i] is a digit, and 
static_cast<char>(display[i] + 1) is the next digit when display[i] is not '9': the sum is an int, and the cast 
converts it back to char.

One click: The digits are visited from the last toward the first. Every '9' visited becomes '0', and the traversal 
continues to the digit before it; the first digit visited that is not '9' becomes the digit after it, and the 
traversal stops. When every digit is '9', every digit becomes '0': Advance("9999") produces "0000", and 
Advance("9") produces "0". Leading zeros are kept, so Advance("0009") produces "0010".

Writing through a subscript: A subscript names one character, and assigning to it, advanced[i - 1] = '0';, 
replaces that one character and nothing else; the size does not change.

ClicksBetween calls Advance: The function keeps a copy of before. While the copy differs from after, it calls 
Advance on the copy, assigns the result back to the copy, and adds one to the number of clicks. The number it 
returns is the number of times it called Advance. A string is assigned as any object is: display = Advance(display); replaces the characters display holds with the characters the function call returns.

Every display is reached: Every click moves a display to the next display of the same size, and a display of all 
9s moves to all 0s, so repeated clicks from any display reach every display of that size. The loop in 
ClicksBetween therefore runs while the display != after and ends for every pair of displays, whichever of the two 
reads as the larger number: ClicksBetween("9998", "0001") is 3, through "9999", "0000", and "0001".

Examples
Example 1: Deciding whether a recorded string is a valid display
IsValidDisplay("0603")  // returns true
IsValidDisplay("")      // returns false: a display has at least one digit
IsValidDisplay("7b2")   // returns false: 'b' is not a digit
Example 2: One click
Advance("0529")  // returns "0530": the '9' rolls to '0' and carries one
Advance("1399")  // returns "1400"
Advance("99")    // returns "00": the whole display rolls over
Example 3: Clicks between two displays
ClicksBetween("0512", "0517")  // returns 5
ClicksBetween("9997", "0002")  // returns 5: 9998, 9999, 0000, 0001, 0002
ClicksBetween("0512", "0512")  // returns 0
Constraints
Write the definitions in src/solution.cc. includes/solution.hpp provides the declaration this activity requires, 
and that declaration must not be changed. You may add functions of your own, provided you declare each one in 
includes/solution.hpp as well as define it in src/solution.cc. A rule below that requires a definition to contain 
a loop or a function call means that function's own definition, not a function it calls.
Each function must contain a loop. This is enforced: a definition without a for-statement, while-statement, or 
do-statement is rejected before any test runs.
ClicksBetween must call your own Advance, once per click. This is enforced: a definition of ClicksBetween with 
no function call to Advance is rejected before any test runs.
No function may call itself.
Advance cannot change display, a reference to const. A function that changes digits in place first initializes 
its own string from the parameter, std::string advanced = display;, and changes the copy; or it builds the result 
from an empty string, character by character, with += or push_back.
Work on the characters themselves. Library functions that convert a string to a number or a number to a string, 
that classify characters, or that search, copy, or compare a range are rejected before any test runs, as are the 
string member functions this course does not cover.
The functions read no input and print nothing. src/driver.cc is not graded.
Ten of the hundred points are for clear code, two for each of five checks: the program compiles without warnings, 
every variable you declare is initialized and used, each function stays within the course's size and complexity 
limits, identifiers follow the course's naming conventions, and the code reads clearly. Readability and naming 
are the two to watch. Give a number that carries a meaning a name rather than writing it as a literal, and spell 
a constant you name kLikeThis. Ask a container empty() rather than comparing its size() with 0. Use a bool on its 
own rather than comparing it with true or false, and do not use an int where a bool is meant.
Compiled with clang++ under -std=c++20 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -pedantic. Function definitions belong in 
src/solution.cc, not in the header. The tests are compiled with AddressSanitizer and UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer: 
a downward traversal whose index wraps below 0 names memory far outside the display, the sanitizer reports that 
read as an error, and the test fails. A ClicksBetween test ends after four seconds when Advance never reaches the 
second display.
Allowed headers:

"solution.hpp"
<string>
<iostream>