L19 Version Control with Git
    Recording versions while testing and debugging
        A version control system records versions of a project that we choose to preserve. 
        stores the project’s recorded history in a directory named .git inside the project directory. 
        We can record versions, compare changes, and restore earlier files on our own machine without connecting to a server.
    An office-hours queue
    Creating a repository and setting your identity
        Before recording a version, we need to initialize Git in the project directory.
        This creates a repository, where Git stores the recorded versions and the information needed to manage them. 
        Run git init from the project’s root directory to create the repository.
        Before making a commit, use git config to set your name and email address
            git config --global user.name "Your Name"
            git config --global user.email "you@illinois.edu"
            git config --global init.defaultBranch main
        git config is by default local
        Run git add with a file’s path to prepare its current contents for that commit; 
            this operation is called staging.
        From the project’s root directory, git add . stages changes throughout the project, 
            excluding untracked files covered by ignore rules.
        Staging prepares the version; it does not create the commit.
    The working tree, index, and last commit
        The working tree contains the project files you edit, including src/solution.cc and includes/solution.hpp.
        The index represents the file contents prepared for the next commit.
            Git also calls the index the staging area.
            git add to add files to the index
            A tracked file is a file represented in the index or the current commit. 
                Git can report how its working-tree contents differ from the staged or committed version.
                A new file that has not been added is untracked
                git status lists it under Untracked files unless an ignore rule excludes it.
        A commit records a version of the project using the file contents represented in the index.
            Run git commit after staging the contents you want to preserve.
        git add stages selected contents from the working tree, and git commit records the contents represented in the index.
        git commit -a -m "Describe the change" combines automatic staging with committing.
            -a option stages modifications and deletions of tracked files before creating the commit; 
            it does not add untracked files. Use git add to include a new file.
    Recording a version with a commit
        A commit records the project contents represented in the index, together with information about 
            who recorded the version, 
            when it was recorded, and 
            its relationship to earlier commits.
        You supply a message describing the change.
            Write a short commit message that begins with a capitalized verb and names the behavior being changed
        Use the -m option to supply the message when creating the commit
            Without -m, Git opens its configured editor for you to enter the message. 
        Git computes an identifier for each commit from the information it records.
            Commands that inspect or restore a recorded version can use this identifier to select the commit. 
        Creating a new commit adds a recorded version without replacing the earlier commit. 
    Keeping generated files out of the history
        To exclude untracked files, create a .gitignore file in the project root
        With these rules in place, git status omits matching untracked files, and git add . does not stage them. 
        Commit .gitignore itself so that the rules are recorded with the project.
        Ignore rules do not stop Git from tracking files already represented in the index. 
    Inspecting the commit history    
        use git log --oneline to inspect the history
            newer commits shown before their ancestors
        Beside the current commit, the log shows (HEAD -> main)
            Here, HEAD identifies the checked-out branch, main, whose current commit is the version we are working from. 
            Commands can use HEAD to select that commit, HEAD~1 to select its first parent, or HEAD~2 to follow that relationship twice.
        By default, the log follows the history reachable from the current commit. 
            It does not list every commit on every branch. 
    Restoring files and reverting commits
        When a change introduces a failure, use the history to identify a version whose relevant behavior was correct.
        We can restore a file from that version or undo a commit’s changes with a new commit.
        Use git restore when you want to replace a file’s working-tree contents. 
            Without a source option, it restores the contents represented in the index. 
            With --source, it restores contents from a commit you specify.
                To restore from an earlier commit, first inspect the log and compare that version with your current file.
                git log --oneline
                git diff 491d0c1 -- src/solution.cc //compare the difference between the current version and 491d0c1
                git restore --source=491d0c1 src/solution.cc 
        To restore from an earlier commit, first inspect the log and compare that version with your current file.
        Use git revert when you want to undo the changes introduced by a commit across the project. 
            It applies the inverse of those changes and records the result in a new commit.
            git revert --no-edit 3bf0295 
                The --no-edit option uses Git’s generated commit message rather than opening an editor. 
        Before reverting, finish recording changes you intend to keep and check that the working tree and index are clean. 
    Recording changes on a branch
        We can record corrections on a branch, test it, and decide whether to bring it into main.
        git switch -c guard  creates the branch at the current commit and switches to it.
        Use git switch to change which branch you are working on.
            before switching in the example below, commit your changes so that you can compare the recorded versions on guard and main.
        git branch to show all branches
              guard
              * main //the * means the current branch
    Merging changes into main
        Once the correction on guard is ready to include in main, switch to main and run git merge guard
            git switch main
            git merge guard
        If main is still at the commit where guard began, 
            Git can move main forward to the newer commit without combining separate changes. 
            This is a fast-forward merge. 
        If both branches have added commits since they separated, 
            Git combines their changes and normally records a merge commit with two parents. 
    Resolving a merge conflict
        When merging diverged branches, Git compares their changes with a common ancestor.
        If the changes are incompatible, Git reports a merge conflict and pauses the merge
            <<<<<<< HEAD
                return "(nobody waiting)";    //this comes from the current branch
            =======
                return "";      //this comes from the branch being merged
            >>>>>>> guard
        These markers are part of the file’s contents until you remove them.
        To resolve the conflict, edit the file to contain the intended implementation and remove the markers. 
        make that edit, then run git add to mark the file as resolved and git commit to finish the merge
    Summary