Overview
In this activity, you will implement RotateLeft, which returns the elements of a std::vector<int> rotated a 
given number of positions to the left. A schedule board cycles through its entries the same way: the entry at the 
front moves to the back, and everything else steps forward.

Functions to Implement
std::vector<int> RotateLeft(const std::vector<int>& values, unsigned int no_rotations);
Returns the elements of values rotated no_rotations positions to the left.
A whole turn returns the elements unchanged: Rotating by 0, by exactly the size, or by any multiple of the size 
produces the elements in their original order. Rotating an empty vector produces an empty vector.

Counts past the size wrap: A rotation count larger than the size wraps around, so only the remainder after 
dividing by the size affects the result.

Examples
Example 1: One rotation wraps the first element to the back
Before	4	9	2
Index	0	1	2
After	9	2	4
Index	0	1	2
Example 2: A count past the size lands on the remainder
Five rotations of a four-element vector land where one rotation would, because 5 divided by 4 leaves a remainder 
of 1.

Before	3	6	9	12
Index	0	1	2	3
After	6	9	12	3
Index	0	1	2	3
Example 3: Nothing to rotate
RotateLeft({}, 5)  // returns an empty vector
Constraints
Write the function body in src/solution.cc. The provided header includes/solution.hpp declares the function, 
and that declaration must not be changed. You may add functions of your own, provided you declare each one in 
includes/solution.hpp as well as define it in src/solution.cc. A rule below that requires a definition to contain 
a loop or a function call means that function's own definition, not a function it calls.
RotateLeft must contain a loop. This is enforced: a definition without a for, while, or do-while statement is 
rejected before any test runs.
No function may call itself.
The rotation is your own loop over the elements. Library functions that rotate, copy, or rearrange a range are 
rejected before any test runs, and so are the std::vector members this course does not cover. A std::vector 
constructed from a pair of iterators is rejected as well. Build the result one element at a time with push_back, 
or size it first and write each element by index.
no_rotations may be as large as the largest value an unsigned int can hold. Reduce the rotation count against the 
size before any element moves. Repeating a one-position rotation no_rotations times is far too slow to finish.
Handle the boundaries: the empty vector, a rotation of 0, a rotation equal to the size, and counts far past the size.
RotateLeft reads no input and prints nothing. src/driver.cc is not graded.
Ten of the hundred points are for clear code, two for each of five checks: the program compiles without warnings, 
every variable you declare is initialized and used, each function stays within the course's size and complexity 
limits, identifiers follow the course's naming conventions, and the code reads clearly. Readability and naming are 
the two to watch. Give a number that carries a meaning a name rather than writing it as a literal, and spell a 
constant you name kLikeThis. Ask a container empty() rather than comparing its size() with 0. Use a bool on its 
own rather than comparing it with true or false, and do not use an int where a bool is meant.
Compiled with clang++ under -std=c++20 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -pedantic. Function definitions belong in 
src/solution.cc, not in the header. The tests are compiled with AddressSanitizer and UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer, 
which diagnose memory errors and some forms of undefined behavior; neither detects every invalid operation.
Allowed headers:

"solution.hpp"
<vector>
<iostream>