Functions and the Stack
    The stack
        The parameters and local variables of a function call need storage while the function call runs.
        In a typical implementation, that storage is a region of memory called the stack, 
            also called the call stack.
        Each function call has a stack frame, 
            which holds its parameters, its local variables 
            and the point in the calling function where execution resumes when the function call returns.
        The frame is pushed on top of the stack when the function call begins and popped when it returns.
        Another name for a stack frame is an activation record.
        The stack pointer is a register that keeps the address of the top of the stack.
        A parameter passed by value exists until its function call returns.
        A local variable exists from its declaration until the end of its block.
        The stack is how implementations provide those lifetimes.
    A value no statement assigned
        A local variable declared without an initializer has an indeterminate value.
            int last;
            Reading a local variable before assigning a value to it is undefined behavior.
        A loop may fail to execute, leaving a variable unassigned before it is read.
            for (int i = 0; i < 0; ++i)
                last = i;
        A program may appear to print a previous value, but that does not make the program correct.
        The course's sanitizers do not check for reads of uninitialized variables.
    Pushing and popping stack frames
        Each function call pushes a new stack frame onto the stack.
        Returning pops the function's stack frame and ends the lifetimes of its local variables and parameters.
        Popping a frame does not necessarily erase the bytes in its storage.
        A later function call may reuse storage that belonged to a previous stack frame.
        A new object can therefore use old storage whose bytes still contain a previous value.
        The initializer gives the new object its value; the old bytes do not give the new object its value.
        The stack pointer moves when frames are pushed and popped.
    A local variable without an initializer
        A local variable without an initializer has an indeterminate value.    
            Reading an indeterminate value is undefined behavior.
        Stack storage may be reused by a later function call, but a program cannot rely on that reuse.
        The fact that two local variables occupy the same storage in one build is not something the program can rely on.
        Changing a function's parameters can change where its local variables are stored.
    Why every local variable is initialized
        Every local variable is initialized in its declaration.
            A local variable with no initializer has an indeterminate value.
            Reading an uninitialized local variable is undefined behavior.
        Clang can warn when it finds a branch on which a local variable is never assigned.
            The course's -Werror flags make that warning an error.
        A meaningful initial value can be a named constant chosen outside the values the variable can otherwise hold.
        Initialization and assignment are different: 
            int last = ... initializes; last = i assigns.
        Zeros that happen to appear in uninitialized storage are not an initialization; 
            reading them is still undefined behavior.
    Recursive function calls
        A function that calls itself is recursive, and the call it makes to itself is a recursive call.
            int MinutesAllowed(int daily_limit) {
                if (daily_limit <= kNoMinutes)
                    return kNoMinutes;
                const int kLaterDays = MinutesAllowed(daily_limit - kDailyCut);
                return daily_limit + kLaterDays;
            }
        The arguments of a recursive call should change so that some call does not call the function again.
        The base case is the case the function handles without calling itself.
        The recursive case makes a recursive call with an argument closer to the base case.
        A recursive function call is an ordinary function call: it pushes its own stack frame.
            Each stack frame has its own values for the function's parameters and local variables.
            Recursive calls push frames, and the frames are popped in reverse order.
        Returned values build the result as the recursive calls return.
        To check a recursive function, check the base case, the recursive case, and that every chain of calls reaches the base case.
    Work after a recursive function call
        Statements after a recursive function call wait until that call returns.
        Each recursive frame waits at the recursive call until the frame above it returns.
        The base case returns first, then the statements after the recursive calls run as the frames are popped.
        Therefore, work after a recursive call happens in reverse order of the recursive calls.
    A base case the function calls reach
        A recursive function must have a base case that its recursive calls can reach.
        A base case that the arguments never reach does not stop the recursion.
        Every recursive call pushes another stack frame.
        A chain of function calls that exceeds the stack's maximum size causes a stack overflow.
        The recursive case must move the arguments toward a base case that the calls can actually reach.