L22 Initialization and Interface Design
    Overloading constructors
        Constructors are member functions, so they can be overloaded like other functions.
        The two declarations share a name and differ in their parameter lists.
            Hero(const std::string& name, int max_health);
            Hero(const std::string& name, int max_health, int starting_mana);
        A data member can have both an in-class member initializer and a member initializer.
        When a constructor's member initializer list names such a data member, 
            only the member initializer is used, and the in-class member initializer is ignored.
        A constructor whose list does not name the data member still uses the in-class member initializer when one is present.
        A member with neither initializer is default-initialized.
        A member of primitive type does not receive a value from default initialization, 
            so we give such members explicit initial values.
        Each constructor names only the data members whose values depend on its own parameters, 
            and every value that the constructors share is stated once, in the class definition.
    Stating shared defaults once
        A member initializer list can name a data member even when its value does not depend on a parameter, 
            but the value is then stated in two places.
        The member initializer overrides the in-class member initializer.
        A default that appears in the class definition and again in a member initializer list must be changed in every place it appears.
        Stating each default once, in its in-class member initializer, removes that possibility.
    When a class has a default constructor
        A default constructor is a constructor that requires no arguments.
        The compiler supplies a default constructor only when a class declares no constructor at all.
        A class should have a default constructor only when its objects have a natural default value.
        A std::vector declared with only an initial size constructs each of its elements with the default constructor.
            A declaration such as std::vector<Hero> therefore requires a default constructor of Hero if only the size is given.
        A class that declares a constructor requiring arguments does not automatically have a default constructor.
    Defaulting constructors and controlling implicit conversions
        Some classes do have a natural default.
            Potion() = default; //requests the default constructor that the compiler would otherwise have supplied.
        A constructor that can be called with one argument also defines a conversion from the type of that argument.
        An implicit conversion is one that the language applies without the program requesting it.
        A constructor declared with the keyword explicit is an explicit constructor, and it is not used for implicit conversions.
            explicit Potion(int strength);
        An explicit constructor is used only when the program requests the construction.
            Potion(kStrongStrength)
        From here on, a constructor that can be called with one argument is declared explicit, 
            unless the conversion it defines is one the reader of the program should expect.
    Initializing members in declaration order
        Data members are initialized in the order of their declaration in the class, 
            whatever order the member initializer list is written in.
        We write every member initializer list in declaration order, 
            so the order in which the list is read is the order in which the data members are initialized.
        A member initializer that uses another data member is correct only when that data member is declared first.
        Without such flags, the running program reads an uninitialized data member, which is undefined behavior.
    Preventing narrowing with braces
        Converting a double to an int is a narrowing conversion.
        The conversion discards the fractional part.
        Initialization with braces does not allow narrowing conversions.
            const Hero kAyla{"Ayla", kMaxHealth};
        Initialization with parentheses can perform a narrowing conversion.
            const Hero kAyla("Ayla", kMaxHealth);
        A conversion that discards part of a value is written with static_cast.
            static_cast<int>(kMaxHealth)
    Using scoped enumerations for type-safe parameters
        An enumeration is a user-defined type consisting of a set of named values, and each name is an enumerator.
            enum class Role { kWarrior, kMage };
        The enumerators of an enum class are in the scope of their enumeration.
            Role::kWarrior
            Role::kMage
        An enum class is a scoped enumeration and a distinct type: 
            its values do not convert implicitly to int, and an int does not convert implicitly to it.
        The constructor takes one Role, and the role determines both the maximum health and the starting mana.
        A distinct parameter type can prevent a function call from passing an argument of the wrong type 
            or exchanging two arguments of different types.
    Writing non-member helper functions
        A helper function is a function that performs part of the work of a class.
        A non-member helper function is a helper function that is not a member of the class.
        The non-member helpers in this lesson use objects only through their public interfaces.
            A non-member helper function is not part of the interface of its class.
            The public member functions form that interface.
        We make a function a member function only if it needs direct access to the representation.
        The non-member helpers in these examples respect encapsulation.
        When the author of the class changes the representation, only the member functions must be rewritten, 
            and every non-member helper function continues to work unchanged.
    Designing an interface
        Design is creating a clean and reasonably simple structure for a program.
            minimal: it offers no operation its users do not need.
            complete: it provides every operation that users of the class need.
            type safe: its parameter types rule out arguments of the wrong kind or in the wrong order.
            const correct: every non-static member function that examines an object without modifying it is declared const.
        An interface must also prevent any code from violating the invariant of its class.
        A member function that only assigns its argument to a data member protects the invariant no better than a public data member.
            Such a member function defeats encapsulation.
    Designing a Class
        The design of a class follows the four phases of software development: Analysis, Design, Implementation, and Repeat.
            Analysis identifies the concept that the class represents and the rules its values obey.
            Design then fixes the invariant, the interface, and the representation, in that order.
            Implementation writes the member functions.
            Repeat returns to Analysis when implementation reveals something the analysis missed.
        A class represents one concept.
        