A trail survey records the height of the ground every 100 meters, in meters above sea level, so a trail that 
runs along a coast can dip below zero. The heights sit in a built-in array of int. In this activity, you will 
implement four functions that read those heights. Three of them receive a pointer to the first height and the 
number of heights, size. The fourth receives a half-open range: a pointer to its first element and a pointer 
one past its last element.

Functions to implement
The provided header declares all four functions. You write the body of each in src/solution.cc.

Signature	Description
unsigned int CountSummits(const int* elevations, unsigned int size);	
Returns the number of summits among the first size heights.

Climb LongestClimb(const int* elevations, unsigned int size);	
Returns the longest climb among the first size heights, the earliest one when two climbs are equally long.

void SmoothInPlace(int* elevations, unsigned int size);	
Replaces each interior height among the first size heights with the average of its original height and the 
original heights on either side of it, changing the caller's built-in array.

const int* HighestPoint(const int* first, const int* last);	
Returns a pointer to the first highest element of the half-open range [first, last), or last when the range is empty.
A null elevations means that there are no heights, whatever size says. Otherwise elevations points to the 
first of at least size heights, and each function reads, and SmoothInPlace changes, only those size heights. 
The pointer a function receives need not point to the first element of the caller's built-in array. 
Every index a function reports counts from the pointer it received.

The provided Climb struct
Member	Type	Description
start	unsigned int	Provided. The index of the first point of the climb. Initialized to 0.
length	unsigned int	Provided. The number of points in the climb. Initialized to 0.

What counts as a summit
A plateau is a run of one or more consecutive points of equal height that cannot be extended in either 
direction. A plateau is a summit when the point just before it is strictly lower and the point just after 
it is strictly lower. A plateau of four equal heights is therefore one summit, not four. The first and last 
points are never part of a summit, because a summit needs a point on each side. A plateau that includes the 
first point, or one that runs into the last point, is not a summit, and fewer than three points hold no 
summit at all.

What counts as a climb
A climb is a run of consecutive points in which each height is strictly greater than the one before it. 
A single point is a climb of length 1, and two equal heights in a row end a climb. LongestClimb returns the 
start and length of the longest climb. When two climbs have the same length, it returns the one that starts 
first. With no points it returns a Climb whose start and length are both 0. With at least one point and no 
climb longer than one point, it returns start 0 and length 1.

How smoothing works
Every interior point, index 1 through size - 2, becomes the sum of three heights divided by 3: 
its original left neighbor, its own original height, and its original right neighbor. Original means the 
height before SmoothInPlace changed anything. The division is integer division as C++ performs it, 
which truncates toward zero, so a sum of 17 gives 5 and a sum of -14 gives -4. The first and last points 
keep their heights, so fewer than three points leave the built-in array unchanged. The sum of any three 
heights in the tests fits in an int.

The function must work for every size the tests use. Some trails in the tests hold more heights than a 
local built-in array can hold on the course's platform, so a copy of every height does not fit in one. 
A built-in array declared with size elements is not allowed either. size is not a constant expression, 
and the course's compilation flags make that declaration a compile-time error.

The half-open range
first points to the first element of the range and last points one past its last element, so the range 
holds the elements from first up to, but not including, last. last is never dereferenced. When first equals 
last, the range is empty and HighestPoint returns last. When first and last are both null, the range is empty 
in the same way, and HighestPoint returns last. Otherwise it returns a pointer to an element of the caller's 
built-in array: the highest one, or the first of them when several share the greatest height.

Examples
Example 1: Summits, a plateau, and a plateau at the end
Height	2	7	7	3	5	9	9
Index	0	1	2	3	4	5	6
CountSummits returns 1. The plateau at indexes 1 and 2 is a summit, because 2 before it and 3 after it are 
both lower. The plateau at indexes 5 and 6 runs into the last point, so it is not a summit.

Example 2: Two climbs of the same length
Height	1	3	7	2	4	6	0
Index	0	1	2	3	4	5	6
The climbs at indexes 0 through 2 and 3 through 5 both hold three points. LongestClimb returns the earlier 
one, with start 0 and length 3.

Example 3: Smoothing uses the original neighbors
Before	10	40	10	40	10
After	10	20	30	20	10
Index	0	1	2	3	4
Index 2 becomes (40 + 10 + 40) / 3, which is 30. Its left neighbor counts as 40, the original height, 
even though index 1 already holds 20 by then.

Example 4: A range in the middle of a built-in array
constexpr unsigned int kHeightCount = 6;
const int kHeights[kHeightCount] = {20, 3, 2, 9, 15, 12};
HighestPoint(kHeights + 1, kHeights + 4)  // returns &kHeights[3], the 9
HighestPoint(kHeights + 2, kHeights + 2)  // an empty range: returns kHeights + 2
The first range holds 3, 2, and 9. The 15 that last points to is outside it.

Constraints
Write the function bodies in src/solution.cc. Keep the four declarations and Climb in includes/solution.hpp 
exactly as given. Spell each parameter as a pointer, exactly as the table shows it. A parameter written with 
square brackets declares the same function in C++, and the autograder still rejects it. You may add functions 
of your own, provided you declare each one in includes/solution.hpp as well as define it in src/solution.cc.
No function may call itself, directly or through other functions.
Write the loops that visit the heights yourself. Library functions that search, count, copy, or compare the 
elements of a range are rejected before any test runs.
Each function works only in the built-in array it receives and in its own local variables, and it keeps 
nothing from one call to the next. A static local variable that is not a constant, and a variable declared 
outside a function that is not a constant, are rejected before any test runs.
The tests pass pointers into the middle of built-in arrays, and place extra elements before the pointer and 
after the size heights whose values change the answer if a function reads them.
The functions read no input and print nothing. src/driver.cc is not graded.
Clear code is graded by five checks: the program compiles without warnings, every variable you declare is 
initialized and used, each function stays within the course's size and complexity limits, identifiers follow 
the course's naming conventions, and the code reads clearly. Readability and naming are the two to watch. 
Give a number that carries a meaning a name rather than writing it as a literal, and spell a constant you 
name kLikeThis. Use a bool on its own rather than comparing it with true or false, and do not use an int 
where a bool is meant.
Compiled with clang++ under -std=c++20 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -pedantic. Function definitions belong in 
src/solution.cc, not in the header. The tests are compiled with AddressSanitizer, which reports a read or 
write outside a built-in array, and UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer, which reports some forms of undefined 
behavior. Neither detects every invalid operation.
The only header that src/solution.cc and includes/solution.hpp may include is "solution.hpp". The functions 
need nothing from the standard library. src/driver.cc is not checked, and it includes <iostream> to print 
its results.