The core of a semantic version consists of three non-negative integers written as major.minor.patch, 
such as 1.10.0. The class Version represents this three-component core; this activity does not model 
pre-release identifiers or build metadata. Its invariant is that each of major_, minor_, and patch_ is at 
least kMinComponent, which is 0. The constructor maintains the invariant by storing kMinComponent in place 
of a negative argument. Two versions are compared with == and <, and a version is printed with <<. 
Each of these operators is defined by a non-member operator function that reads the components through the 
public interface of Version, so none of them needs to be a friend of the class.

The starter header version.hpp declares every member of Version and every operator function in the tables below. 
You write the definition of each member function and each operator function in version.cc.

Version
Public interface
Signature	Description
Version(int major, int minor, int patch);	
Initializes major_, minor_, and patch_ with major, minor, and patch in its member initializer list. 
The body then compares each of the three data members with kMinComponent and assigns kMinComponent to a 
data member that is below it. The body leaves a component of 0 or more unchanged, so Version(-2, 4, -7) holds 0.4.0.
int GetMajor() const;	Returns major_, the major component.
int GetMinor() const;	Returns minor_, the minor component.
int GetPatch() const;	Returns patch_, the patch component.
Private data members
Member	Type	Description
kMinComponent	static constexpr int	The smallest value of a component, 0. It is a static member, 
so the class holds one copy that every Version object shares.
major_	int	The major component, at least kMinComponent. Its in-class member initializer is = kMinComponent.
minor_	int	The minor component, at least kMinComponent. Its in-class member initializer is = kMinComponent.
patch_	int	The patch component, at least kMinComponent. Its in-class member initializer is = kMinComponent.
Non-member operator functions
Each operator function below is declared in version.hpp after the class and defined in version.cc. 
It is not a member of Version and not a friend of it.

Signature	Description
bool operator==(const Version& lhs, const Version& rhs);	
Returns true when the major components, the minor components, and the patch components of lhs and rhs are 
each equal, and false otherwise. 
It reads the components of both versions through GetMajor, GetMinor, and GetPatch. 
Under C++20 the compiler evaluates a != b as !(a == b), so the prompt's header declares no operator!=.

bool operator<(const Version& lhs, const Version& rhs);	
Returns true when lhs comes before rhs. The major components decide first. 
When they are equal, the minor components decide, and when those are also equal, the patch components decide. 
Two versions with the same three components give false. The components compare as numbers, not as text, 
so 1.9.3 < 1.10.0 is true: 9 is less than 10, although the text "10" comes before "9". 
It reads the components of both versions through GetMajor, GetMinor, and GetPatch.

std::ostream& operator<<(std::ostream& os, const Version& version);	
Inserts the three components of version into os, using the stream's numeric formatting. 
Assume that os has its default numeric formatting and locale, an initial field width of 0, and no error state. 
Under these preconditions, the components are separated by a period, with no other characters: 
Version(1, 10, 0) inserts 1.10.0. It reads the components through GetMajor, GetMinor, and GetPatch, 
and it returns os, so that insertions can be chained. 
It leaves the fill character of os unchanged and its field width at 0.

Constraints
Your code must compile with clang++ using the c++20 standard and -stdlib=libc++, without errors under 
-Wall -Wextra -Werror -pedantic -Wuninitialized. Your code is also compiled with AddressSanitizer, 
which reports invalid memory accesses, and UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer, which reports operations such as 
signed integer overflow. The Run button shows their reports.

Declare every member and every operator function exactly as the tables give it, and define each of them in 
version.cc. Function definitions in header files are rejected. The data members of Version are exactly the 
four in the table, so you may not declare a data member of your own. Version declares no constructor, 
public member function, or base class beyond those the tables give, and outside the class version.hpp 
declares only the three operator functions, the optional operator!= below, and your own non-member helper 
functions: no using-declaration, and no variable of your own. You may declare private member functions of 
your own. Declare any non-member helper function in version.hpp after the class, and define it in version.cc. 
Your header may also declare bool operator!=(const Version& lhs, const Version& rhs); after the class, 
in exactly that form, and define it in version.cc; if it does, a != b calls it, so it must agree with 
operator==. The autograder sets major_, minor_, and patch_ directly before each function call, so every 
function must read the state of a Version from those data members alone. A static local variable that is not 
const, or one that is const but initialized from a parameter, a data member, or a call to a function that 
is not constexpr, is rejected, and so are a thread_local variable, a variable declared at namespace scope 
that is not const, a static data member of a helper class or a nested class that is not const, a mutable 
data member, and errno, because each would let a function remember an earlier call. A constexpr variable, 
and a const variable whose initializer reads only constants, such as static const int kTen = 10;, are allowed. 
These restrictions on persistent state do not prohibit ordinary local variables. 
A local const variable that is neither static nor thread_local may be initialized from a parameter or a 
data member.

Initialization follows one rule: a value that comes from a parameter goes in the constructor's member 
initializer list, a default goes in an in-class member initializer, and any validation happens in the member 
initializer list or in the constructor's body. Version(int major, int minor, int patch) must therefore 
initialize each of major_, minor_, and patch_ from its parameter of the same name in its member initializer 
list, and Version must declare each of them with the in-class member initializer = kMinComponent.

The operator functions follow three rules, and a submission that breaks one is rejected with a message that 
names it. First, operator==, operator<, and operator<< are non-member functions: an operator function 
declared as a member of Version is rejected. Second, Version declares no friend: each operator function 
reads the components through GetMajor, GetMinor, and GetPatch, in its own body. Third, you write the body 
of each comparison yourself: a comparison operator function declared = default is rejected, and so is any 
declaration of operator<=>.

You may include only the following headers: "version.hpp" and <ostream>.

Compare the components yourself, one pair at a time. Functions from the standard algorithm and numeric 
libraries, such as those declared in <algorithm> and <numeric>, and the iterator functions that measure 
or move between positions, are not permitted. Neither are library types and functions that store several 
values together and compare them as a sequence, such as the standard containers and strings. 
Library functions that convert a number to text are also not permitted, and neither are the compiler's 
builtin functions that select the smaller or the larger of two values, or the library and builtin functions 
that compare two blocks of memory. Declaring any function or variable with an assembler label is not permitted.